okay here's the position in the middle
game of the game i played with the Chris
chew I'm black
the last move was by white he played
nice 95
and my queen is under attack
in this position white white looks like
he has a really good position now with
his 95 inch all his pieces are developed
and the back rank is clear he has some
space here he swears and he's going to
he's going to gain a tempo here when
blacks Queen moves out of the way
I moved queen to g7 but i think i could
have plays Queen to h5 2 i'm looking at
maybe I pushed on f4
instead
with Queen g7 I'm leaving the Queen on
the on the diagonal of the bishop and
that could be a problem later but I
don't think it's much worse than Queen
h6
okay and white plate efore
and now for black I don't think it's
very good from the trade-off for black
because few trades white just still has
lots of space and and the Ponte six it's
in the way here my bishop can't get
outand and it doesn't look very good for
me so I was hoping instead that maybe
maybe white would exchange and then d6
pond get away maybe what Bishop can get
out maybe te six right now my business
can't get out because even if i play
vision to d7 try to get out that way
maybe if i was planning to go d 78 f
seven bring bring along that way I can't
do that because what can play c5 here
and she'd be attacking my night my
knighthood move away
ch and tonight just take the bishop so
I'm having a bit of a tough time about
me my bishop
so why play d4 and I think here I could
have played f4 instead of them of my
plate I play to see six but I think f4
would have been better here
so II for and see six and a four I
didn't really know what this is doing I
guess he wanted the night to move away
so that should have more pressure on d5
and he did exchange there after I moved
tonight on the next month
I played 97 I think again again I can
probably play off for here might be a
good idea
but I play 97
two plates you tasty five
and I played a bad move I think like 295
i take c 5 I don't think it's very good
because it loose upon right away but
more than that well I don't know as much
you know he's getting strong on any
silent
everything's going to open up now and
white should have a better game ethic
oh it has been a better game by think
Carrie is really going to guess nice
advantage
so instead of nine takes d5 maybe I
should just capture hair and maybe maybe
play Bishop to have six
I don't I'll see what I can do from
there maybe
again what may be looking at f/4 that's
some
okay well he took she takes d5 and I
took night takes me five and I'm going
to loose upon hair so it's not
completely that and I do get get my
bishop out here so Jack and I play green
f7 here sometimes when you're when
you're down in material it's not not
really good to trade off your queen all
right any of your pieces bus here white
screen it's it's strong on d4 so if i
place a came to a chase maybe hoping to
get the file with my rock if like I'm
probably wanting to play rock to d8 here
but black white can just play say park
after to d1
to be just a good sacrifice here greene
takes d1 and black would just be made it
here check thanks oh I definitely
wouldn't be able to play work th but
there aren't any other good moves
you